New FAQs page (#365)
metal3-io/metal3-io.github.io: _faqs/network-configuration.md

---
question: How can one supply network configuration during provisioning?
---

> You can put it to the BareMetalHost’s networkData field in the [OpenStack network data format](https://docs.openstack.org/nova/latest/_downloads/9119ca7ac90aa2990e762c08baea3a36/network_data.json).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can put it to the BareMetalHost's networkData field in the [OpenStack network data format](https://docs.openstack.org/nova/latest/_downloads/9119ca7ac90aa2990e762c08baea3a36/network_data.json).
```
